README.md, before:

# About me
Hi, I'm Mocpy. I'm programming in Python. I'm using Arch Linux with KDE plasma.

# Contact
I'm on [Github](https://github.com).  
My email addres mocpy at seznam.cz

# My openPGP key
Whoever has my email address can send me an encrypted message using this key or validate my email signatures.

Key fingerprint: **91E2 2EF6 491C 4504 38C7 86EC D5F4 D762 34E6 5A6D**
```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=Piub
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

Commit message:

added packages repo, and other information

README.md, after:

# About me
Hi, I'm Mocpy. I'm programming in Python. I'm using Arch Linux with KDE plasma.  
My installed [packages](https://github.com/Mocpy/dotfiles).

# Contact
I'm on [Github](https://github.com/Mocpy).  
My email addres mocpy at seznam.cz

# My openPGP key
If you want to send me encrypted email or validate email signature, use this.

Key fingerprint: **91E2 2EF6 491C 4504 38C7 86EC D5F4 D762 34E6 5A6D**
```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=Piub
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```
